Enable usage of additional_metadata inside meta (#1)
PicnicSupermarket/dbt-docs: FORK.md

To help keep things trackable, the following branch naming conventions
are used:

- New feature: `[username]/feature-[feature-name]`
- Bug fix: `[username]/fix-[fix-name]`

## Changelog

- Add support for rendering additional metadata

>     - Upstream issue: https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/issues/7021

Reviewer: I believe it should be https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-docs/issues/424, right?

Author: Yes, it should! Thanks

## Changelog

- Add support for rendering additional metadata
    - Upstream issue: https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-docs/issues/424
    - Fork PR: https://github.com/PicnicSupermarket/dbt-docs/pull/1

>   To enable users in adding any metadata to dbt docs in a structured way. The key `meta.meta_docs` is treated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This enables users to add any metadata to dbt docs in a structured way. The key `meta.meta_docs` is treated
```
